add a paragraph on how to contribute to guides (#113)
bump-sh/docs: README.md

4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
6. Create a new Pull Request

### Guides

We'd be thrilled to have you submitting community guides!

#### Folder structure

Guides are located in [`src/_guides`](https://github.com/bump-sh/docs/tree/main/src/_guides).

Under this folder you should find a few folders that act as categories.
These categories are fixed as they are the ones we want to show on our guide index.

If however you think your submission doesn't fit in any of the provided categories, you can create a new folder to put it in.

This folder will require a `_default.yml` file at its root where you'll add the new category name. `categories: [Tips and tricks]`
The folder name should be the slugified name of your category: `Tips and tricks -> tips-and-tricks`.

However, guides can freely be added into subfolders and their url would follow the folder path.
For example, `src/_guides/bump-sh-tutorials/cli/mastering-bump-command-line.md` will show under `https://docs.bump.sh/guides/bump-sh-tutorials/cli/mastering-bump-command-line`.

#### Writing the guide

> Guides should have a frontmatter containing at least a title, a list of authors and an excerpt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guides should have a fron tmatter containing at least a title, a list of authors and an excerpt.
```
